README.md, before:

# Code and Pretrained Networks from <br>"Data-driven Estimation of Sinusoid Frequencies"

This repository contains information, code and models from the paper [Data-driven Estimation of Sinusoid Frequencies](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.00823) by Gautier Izacard, Sreyas Mohan and [Carlos Fernandez-Granda](https://cims.nyu.edu/~cfgranda/). Please visit the [project webpage here](https://sreyas-mohan.github.io/DeepFreq/). 

## Code and Pre-trained Models

### pre-trained models
The directory [`pretrained_models`](pretrained_models) contains the pretained models of DeepFreq. 

### Example code for using Pre-Trained models

In [`example_notebook.ipynb`](example_notebook.ipynb), DeepFreq is applied to different signals and the results are visualized.  


### Train

[`train.py`](train.py) provides the code for training a model from scratch. An example usage of the script with some options is given below:

```shell
python train.py \
	--n_training 200000 \
	--n_epochs_fr 200 \
	--n_epochs_fc 100 \
	--output_dir /checkpoint/experiment_name \
```

Please refer to the `argparse` module in [`train.py`](train.py) for additional training options.

### Test

[`test.py`](test.py) provides the script to bechmark the performance of DeepFreq against several baselines. An example usage of the script is provided below.


```shell
python test.py \
	--data_dir test_dataset/ \
  	--output_dir results/ \
  	--fr_path pretrained_models/DeepFreq/fr_module.pth \
  	--fc_path pretrained_models/DeepFreq/counter_module.pth \
  	--psnet_path pretrained_models/PSnet/psnet.pth \
	--psnet_fc_path pretrained_models/PSnet/counter_psnet.pth \
	--overwrite
```

The implementation of CBLasso is based on the code available [here](http://www.lsta.upmc.fr/boyer/codes/html_CBlasso_vs_Blasso/script_example1_CBlasso_vs_Blasso.html). CBLasso takes a long time to run, therefore, the result of running CBLasso on [`test_dataset`](test_dataset) is precomputed and provided in [`CBLasso_test`](CBLasso_test).




### Generate test data

 [`generate_dataset.py`](`generate_dataset.py`) provides the code to generate data. An example usage is shown below:

```shell
python generate_dataset.py \
    	--output_dir my_testset/ \
    	--n_test 1000 \
	--signal_dimension 50 \
   	--minimum_separation 1. \
    	--dB 0 5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 \
```

The particular instance of test data used in the original paper is available in the [`test_dataset`](test_dataset).

Commit message:

fix path of cblasso results

README.md, after:

# Code and Pretrained Networks from <br>"Data-driven Estimation of Sinusoid Frequencies"

This repository contains information, code and models from the paper [Data-driven Estimation of Sinusoid Frequencies](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.00823) by Gautier Izacard, Sreyas Mohan and [Carlos Fernandez-Granda](https://cims.nyu.edu/~cfgranda/). Please visit the [project webpage here](https://sreyas-mohan.github.io/DeepFreq/). 

## Code and Pre-trained Models

### pre-trained models
The directory [`pretrained_models`](pretrained_models) contains the pretained models of DeepFreq. 

### Example code for using Pre-Trained models

In [`example_notebook.ipynb`](example_notebook.ipynb), DeepFreq is applied to different signals and the results are visualized.


### Train

[`train.py`](train.py) provides the code for training a model from scratch. An example usage of the script with some options is given below:

```shell
python train.py \
	--n_training 200000 \
	--n_epochs_fr 200 \
	--n_epochs_fc 100 \
	--output_dir /checkpoint/experiment_name \
```

Please refer to the `argparse` module in [`train.py`](train.py) for additional training options.

### Test

[`test.py`](test.py) provides the script to bechmark the performance of DeepFreq against several baselines. An example usage of the script is provided below.


```shell
python test.py \
	--data_dir test_dataset/ \
  	--output_dir results/ \
  	--fr_path pretrained_models/DeepFreq/fr_module.pth \
  	--fc_path pretrained_models/DeepFreq/counter_module.pth \
  	--psnet_path pretrained_models/PSnet/psnet.pth \
	--psnet_fc_path pretrained_models/PSnet/counter_psnet.pth \
	--overwrite
```

The implementation of CBLasso is based on the code available [here](http://www.lsta.upmc.fr/boyer/codes/html_CBlasso_vs_Blasso/script_example1_CBlasso_vs_Blasso.html). CBLasso takes a long time to run, therefore, the result of running CBLasso on [`test_dataset`](test_dataset) is precomputed and provided in [`test_dataset/cblasso_results`](test_dataset/cblasso_results). Performance of CBLasso is obtained with [`run_cblasso.py`](run_cblasso.py), it requires to install the MATLAB Engine API for Python.



### Generate test data

 [`generate_dataset.py`](`generate_dataset.py`) provides the code to generate data. An example usage is shown below:

```shell
python generate_dataset.py \
    	--output_dir my_testset/ \
    	--n_test 1000 \
	--signal_dimension 50 \
   	--minimum_separation 1. \
    	--dB 0 5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 \
```

The particular instance of test data used in the original paper is available in the [`test_dataset`](test_dataset).
